this is my little brother white girlfriend you
would be with friends in kindergarten children who
wants to correspond and how is it
means writing letters to a boy or
girl this girl from france her name is
dolphin donkey can me with her
to correspond
of course pepp facet mr zebra
the postman distribute mail Peppa and George
like when it’s written pigs
peppa mom read it out loud now she
from the donkey dolphins bonjour komon sava
mom why are you saying so weird
french means hello how
business now joy
we ourselves are a real French slipper
to see better the letter is not better
not clear it means I love princesses and
to play with friends
you know french you could
talk to the dolphin as in the letter
her phone is bonjour
it is possibly a drop hit and a dolphin
piggy mother asks whether peppa is allowed
talk here about but banjo
husband what should i say to someone
owl
what did she say I did not understand and bonjour
george peppa says how are you
morning and mr. zebra postman again
just brought you today
who can it be you say
French
still would not talk on the steering wheel dispute perky
Kendo photo blocked Tarik kinds of referee
before
wanna go let's jump
dolphin does not understand pepp expected those
ben affleck will give you don't understand the movie
in french it's me who wanted you
show it jump